Generalize /children endpoints to be usable outside of landing page #3, general rewrite/update #2 (#6)
stac-api-extensions/children: README.md

  - [STAC API - Core](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-api-spec/tree/v1.0.0/core) or any later 1.x.x version
- **Owner**: @m-mohr

A STAC API, including its Landing Page, can have links with relation type `child` that point to
Catalogs and Collections. This can be used to create arbitrarily complex hierarchies similar to
[static STAC catalogs](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec). If APIs implement such behavior,
it often also implements the [Browsable Extension](https://github.com/stac-api-extensions/browseable).
The drawback of static catalogs is, that catalogs have to be traversed and a lot of requests for the 
children have to be executed.

> This STAC API extension, specifies an endpoint that returns a list of all Catalog and Collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This STAC API extension specifies an endpoint that returns a list of all Catalog and Collection
```

that are referenced from a Catalog or Collection with the relation type `child`.

> For this, it contains using the link with relation type `children` to an endpoint `/children`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this, it contains a link with relation type `children` which points to an endpoint `/children`.
```

While the `child` link relation already allows for describing these relationships,
this scheme requires a client to retrieve each resource URL to find any information about
the children (e.g., title, description), which can cause significant performance issues in user-facing
applications. Implementers may choose to to return only a subset of fields for each Catalog or Collection,
but the objects must still be valid Catalogs and Collections.

## Link Relations

The following Link relations must exist in a Catalog or Collection with link relation type `child`:

| rel        | Media Type         | From                | Description                                         |
| ---------- | ------------------ | ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `children` | `application/json` | STAC API - Children | List of children of this STAC Catalog or Collection |

The following Link relations must exist in the `/children` endpoint response:

| rel      | From                | Description                                                    |
| -------- | ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | 

> | `root`   | STAC Core           | The langding pag (root) URI                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `root`   | STAC Core           | The landing page (root) URI                                    |
```

Author: All the typos are just to prove that it's not AI generated 🙈😅

| `parent` | STAC Core           | The (parent) URI of the entity containing the `children` link. |
| `self`   | STAC API - Children | Self reference, i.e. the URI to the `.../children` endpoint.   |

## Endpoints

| Endpoint           | Media Type       | Description                                                         |
| ------------------ | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `GET .../children` | application/json | Object with a list of Catalogs and Collections and a list of Links. |

The response of `GET .../children` must be a JSON object with at least two properties:

- `children`: An array of all child Catalogs and Collections

> - `link`: An array of Link Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `links`: An array of Link Objects
```

    {
      "rel": "self",
      "type": "application/json",

>       "href": "https://stac-api.example"

Reviewer: This looks to be a bit inconsistent through the document, sometimes it's `example` and sometimes its `example.com`. Probably want to standardize.

Author: Fixed :-)

          "type": "application/json",
          "href": "https://stac-api.example.com"
        },
        {
          "rel": "children",
          "type": "application/json",
          "href": "https://stac-api.example/drones/children"
        },
        {
          "rel": "child",
          "type": "application/json",
          "title": "Flight 1",

>           "href": "https://stac-api.example/drones/filght-1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "href": "https://stac-api.example/drones/flight-1"
```
